A transport company wants to modernize its operations and switch to a computerized solution. To this end, the structure and organization of the company were discussed in a meeting with the managing director. The following minutes are available to you: 
I currently employ around 60 drivers and 6-7 other employees (planners and administrative staff) in my company. I need to be able to store their names and social security numbers. Planners and administrative staff should be able to log into the system with a username and password. The administrative staff's field of activity is known. I also need to store my customers' details. The customer's name and billing address are important. In addition to customers and employees, I also want to manage my vehicles. I distinguish between different types of vehicles, such as refrigerated trucks, small vans, loading platforms, and box trucks. I want to store the license plate number and mileage for the vehicles. Of course, it can happen that a vehicle needs to be repaired or inspected. For this purpose, I want to store the repair shop (name and address are known), the employee who took the vehicle to the repair shop, and the duration and cost of the repair.
Orders can be assigned to each driver. Usually, a customer calls and tells us when they need a transport vehicle and how big the package is. Based on this, the planner knows which type of vehicle is needed for the order. I always want to know which planner has assigned an order to a vehicle. It must also be possible to save a comment with additional information about the order, and I need to know when the driver starts and finishes the order. It is also important that I always know which driver has completed which order with which vehicle. For each order, there is always a customer who is the client, and both the pick-up and delivery addresses are known. The order can be placed directly with an administrative employee or with a partner company whose name and address are known.